2017 METAROBOTICS ROBOT CODE This code contains following features:

~ Vison Processing ~ Machine Learning ~ PID Control

1.0 PID Control Intro This year, we decide to use Mecanum Drive System; thus we implement the official libaray to fulfill dynamic control requirements. However, at first, we unanimously find the drive system (Mecanum Drive) cannot work well due to the drive system cannot generate the exact power we want so that the drive shifts, deviating the straight line. We learn that the PID Controller, along with a sensor--gyro can be implemented to correct errors, diviations, and periods. Having turned the PID to ideal sets of parameters, we find the solution works well; thus, we learn that although the PID is a good tool for synchronizing the output simultaneously, it requires time, and expericence based on multiple attempts.

2.0 Vision Processing Intro The competition requires robot moves to the designated position really precisely; hence, the vision processing system firstly come to our mind. We use the CMUCAM (5th gen), a camera designed for rapidly processing multiple objects simutaneously. One of the biggest features of this unit is that it equips with strong graphic processing unit, and intelligent graphic algorithms. Most object in the field is easily captured and learnt by the device(CMUCAM) with few clicks. Moreover, it processes data locally, without using the bandwith with roboRIO(A FPGA device for managing all acuators of the robot). What's more, it saves tremndous amount of usage of the network, which is curcial for the real-time game because based on the author's experience, the network bandwith in the game is highly limited, only allowing efficient codes to run throughly without any delay. Last but not least, it is an economic solution, and it only costs around $70. In a nutshell, having considered with computing efficiencies, transimission strategies, and costs, we decide to proceed developing the vision processing algorithms.

2.1 Vision Processing Algorithms Devloping vision processing algorithms is not easy due to the official libaray does not include related enviroment; however, it challanges us a lot but we decide to take it.  
